Simplify user creation in database access guides (#12136)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/includes/database-access/create-user.mdx

Create a local Teleport user with the built-in `access` role:

```code
$ tctl users add \
  --roles=access \
  --db-users=\* \
  --db-names=\* \
  alice
```

| Flag | Description |
| ---- | ----------- |

> | `--roles` | List of roles to assign to the user. Builtin `access` role allows them to connect to any database server registered with Teleport. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--roles` | List of roles to assign to the user. The built-in `access` role allows them to connect to any database server registered with Teleport. |
```

| `--db-users` | List of database usernames the user will be allowed to use when connecting to the databases. Wildcard allows any user. |

> | `--db-names` | List of logical databases (aka schemas) the user will be allowed to connect to within the database servers. Wildcard allows any database. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--db-names` | List of logical databases (aka schemas) the user will be allowed to connect to within the database servers. A wildcard allows any database. |
```

Reviewer: Also, since we haven't specified any database servers before this line, should we say "a database server" instead of "the database servers"?
